---
layout: post
title:  "Still A Corndog"
date:   2019-10-26 15:00:00 -0500
categories: [cordogs]
published: true
tags: corndog corndogs opinion 
---

<html>
<head>
<title>Still A Corndog</title>
<style>
	body, html {
    height: 100%;
}

</style>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Is A Corn Dog Really A Corn Dog Without The Stick In It?</h1>
	<hr>
	<p><em>By Lorenzo Pizarro</em></p>
	<h3>The Obvious Answer</h3>
	<p>At first glance it may seem like the answer to this question is obvious but it is not. Indeed, the stick is a crucial part of a corn dog and one would be shocked if they went to the fair and got a corn dog without a stick. However, the simple act of removing the stick does not warrant the disownment of the title corn dog and claiming so would be the preposterous act of an inverted dipswitch.</p>
	<h3>So What Is A Corn Dog?</h3>
	<p>If you google the definition of a corn dog it states "A&nbsp;<strong>corn dog</strong> is a sausage on a stick that has been coated in a thick layer of cornmeal batter and deep fried." Furthermore, to prepare a corndog "restauranteurs dip and fry their dogs." Now this is all clear and simple however when you apply it to the real argument the answer changes.</p>
	<h3>What This Is Really About</h3>
	<p>Stick no stick it all seems very pointless and silly. The origin of the great stick debate dates back many years and has been going on since the beginning of Cedarville University. It all started during the first Great Corn Dog Massacre when the fine eating establishment known as Chuck's started serving "corn dogs", or so they said. In order to properly serve the corn dogs in an efficient manner the well trained chefs at Chuck's decided to remove the sticks from the cooked corn dogs prior to serving them. A few confused students became outraged by the removal of the sticks and the so-called murder of a great many corn dogs. Sadly, to this day the confused few still try to push their false propaganda and fight for the rights of the thousands of "murdered" corn dogs.</p>
	<h3>It Is Still A Corn Dog</h3>
	<p>The simple act of removing the stick after a corn dog is already cooked does not merit the removal of it's corn dog status. if the corn dog was prepared and cooked in the proper form according to the definition it is than a corn dog. So what Chuck's serves is indeed corndogs, now what you do with your food after it is cooked does not change what it was. Removing the stick does not change what it already is. You can dip a corn dog in whatever you want before you eat it and it still would be a corn dog. the simple fact is that once a food's corn dog stat us has been confirmed making minor changes to it such as adding sauces and sides or cutting your food before you eat it does not change the fact that it still is the original corn dog.</p>
	<p><strong>Helpful Links</strong></p>
	<p><a href="/2019/10/31/corndogs2/"> The Truth about Corn Dogs Part 2</a></p>	
</body>
</html>

